---
title: APNIC 58 Local Hub in Taipei  
description: Join us at this Local Hub as we dive into APNIC 58, where we'll explore and discuss key topics like policy development and more.
toc: true  
authors:  
  - steveyiyo
  - wenyientien
tags:  
categories:  
series:  
date: '2024-08-31T00:00:00+08:00'  
lastmod: '2024-08-31T00:00:00+08:00'  
featuredImage:  
draft: false  
---

APNIC (Asia-Pacific Network Information Centre) is the Regional Internet Registry (RIR) for the Asia-Pacific region, responsible for allocating and managing internet resources. As one of the five global RIRs, APNIC ensures the fair distribution of internet resources.

APNIC 58 will be held in Wellington during the first week of September 2024, covering both technical and policy topics. This time, yIGF.TW has organized a Local Hub to select a few exciting sessions for everyone to participate in and discuss policy-related topics within the Asia-Pacific internet community.

## September 4, 2024 (Day 6)

> Special thanks to Professor [Jason Kuo](https://sites.google.com/g.ntu.edu.tw/jasonkuo/jason-kuo) from the Department of Political Science, National Taiwan University, for assisting with the venue arrangements.

- Physical venue: Room 320, College of Social Sciences, National Taiwan University (NTU)
- Time: 12:30 PM - 3:00 PM (UTC +8)
- Zoom discussion link: TBD  
> Please note that this Zoom link is for yIGF.TW discussions and not the official APNIC conference link.

| Session Name | Time |  
|--------------|------|  
| [Cooperation SIG](https://conference.apnic.net/58/program/program/index.html#/day/6/cooperation-sig/) | 12:30 PM - 02:00 PM |  
| [NextGen and Leadership BoF](https://conference.apnic.net/58/program/program/index.html#/day/6/nextgen-and-leadership-bof/) | 02:00 PM - 03:00 PM |  

### Cooperation SIG

The Cooperation SIG is a forum for discussing network-related issues, including public policy and internet governance, which are closely related to the APNIC community, governments, and other organizations. In this session, the APNIC Secretariat will introduce APNIC’s external engagements and seek suggestions for future activities. Additionally, the Cooperation SIG serves as a platform to articulate the APNIC community’s stance on public sector-related issues.

The theme of this session is "ICP-2: Why Is It Important?" About 25 years ago, the ICANN Address Supporting Organization (ASO) formulated a policy document called ICP-2 to establish criteria for recognizing new Regional Internet Registries (RIRs). The ICANN Board adopted ICP-1 in 2001, using it to recognize LACNIC in 2001 and AfriNIC in 2005.

In this meeting, the APNIC community will learn about the history and significance of ICP-2, aiming to raise awareness and prepare the community for upcoming consultations, as ASO-AC is developing implementation procedures and updating ICP-2 to strengthen the RIR ecosystem.

### NextGen and Leadership BoF

APNIC is committed to nurturing the next generation of community leaders to continue driving the vision of a global, open, and stable internet. We aim to bring fresh and vibrant voices into the community and cultivate those eager to actively participate in APNIC’s bottom-up processes, such as SIGs, to advance APNIC policy development and engage in APNIC conferences and events.

You will have the opportunity to learn about various leadership and fellowship programs within the APNIC community and engage in discussions with internet leaders, exploring these programs and their personal growth journeys.

## September 6, 2024 (Day 8)

> Due to the early morning schedule of Day 8 policy sessions in Taiwan time, only an online Local Hub will be held.

- Time: 5:30 AM - 9:00 AM (UTC +8)
- Zoom discussion link: TBD  
> Please note that this Zoom link is for yIGF.TW discussions and not the official APNIC conference link.

| Session Name | Time |  
|--------------|------|  
| [Open Policy Meeting - Policy SIG 1](https://conference.apnic.net/58/program/program/index.html#/day/8/open-policy-meeting---policy-sig-1/) | 5:30 AM - 7:00 AM |  
| [Open Policy Meeting - Policy SIG 2](https://conference.apnic.net/58/program/program/index.html#/day/8/open-policy-meeting---policy-sig-2/) | 7:30 AM - 9:00 AM |  

### Open Policy Meeting

The mission of the Policy SIG is to develop policies related to the management and use of internet resources in the Asia-Pacific region. These policies cover aspects such as resource allocation, recovery and transfer, as well as resource registration within WHOIS, reverse DNS, RPKI, and related services.

In this forum, the authors of various policy proposals will share and discuss them with the community:

- prop-157: Temporary IPv4 Transfers, **Secretariat impact assessment**
- prop-159: Reduction of minimum IPv6 allocation size from /32 to /36, **Secretariat impact**
- [Withdrawn] prop-160: Change IPv6 Initial assignment to /44 for Organizations Eligible for /23 IPv4
- [Withdrawn] prop-161: Using IPv6 for Internet of Things (IoT)

## Contact Us

If you have any questions, feel free to contact us at [organizers@yigf.tw](mailto:organizers@yigf.tw). We look forward to your participation!